Your digestive tract is made up of
different organs and segments,
which develop from what is called the
“primitive gut”
in an embryo.
The top part or foregut
develops into esophagus,
stomach, and duodenum,
which is the first part of the small intestine.
The middle part or midgut
develops into your jejunum and ileum,
the middle and lower parts
of your small intestine.
The bottom section or hindgut
develops into your colon.
Duodenum malrotation
is a congenital or birth defect,
in which the duodenum is twisted
or coiled on one side of your body.
This can cause partial or complete
duodenal obstruction,
where stomach contents can’t pass
to the next part of the small intestine.
This problem is treated with surgery.